This document is meant to give you and I some context into what the other is working
on and what we believe need to be done in the future. This is not meant to be an
exhaustive list but instead provide you and I the means to work independently on items
without duplicating work.

The format for each line item is [user]: <Description>

If a line item has a <Description> and no [user] that means one of us believes this task
should be done but are not actively working on it.

Delete items when they are done.

---------- TASKS ---------- 

gameplay -
  damage repair, hull repair
  ship invaders
  hover select can show module radius (turret)
  crew exhaustion: restoration via beds and cafeteria
  prototype building ship extensions while in space
  hostility on shroud reveal
  Combat with derelict ship inhabitants
  Motion on ships
  Unit inventory for grabbing minerals
  Module customization with preconceived location
  Asteroid field on level 2
  Missile pursuit on level 3
  Ships are like base expansions in rts

ai -
  c file with branching?
  local "blackboard" for arbitrary bytes associated with a stateful event at a time
  global "blackboard" for group decisions (do we have a game example of groupthink for ai?)

sound -

  : Develop a system for playing audio / sound files. I think we should do our best to
    minimize external dependencies for the sake of build time / complexity but would
    not be surprised if we had to adopt one for this task.

ui -

  anthony: Pane with options.
  anthony: Header on ui panes.
  anthony: Close ui pane.
  anthony: Minimize ui pane.
  anthony: Move ui pane.
  anthony: Sliders.
  anthony: Button relative to pane.
  anthony: imui::SameLine() or something - renders next imui call on same line.
  anthony: Text input.
  anthony: Event log.
  anthony: Some sort of button feedback options. Highlight on hover / click effect.
  anthony: Function to test whether cursor is intersecting with any UI element. Can
           be used to determine if interaction is in game vs ui.

platform -

  anthony: Bring macosx window to focus when starting. Currently game starts in background.

graphics - 

  anthony: Implement camera zoom. This will require implementing an inverse function.
  anthony: Antialias inner rings on circles.
  anthony: Dynamic lighting.
  anthony: Load bitmaps.
  anthony: Moving background, so it actually looks like we're flying.

network -
  AWS space_server in us-west-2 (oregon)
  server packet buffer
  server authoritative packet reordering
  rewrite udp_ack flow (severe packet loss cases for 2p+)
  netqueue depth handling under network variance
  pause frames

Tutorial story -
  Looting a derelict ship (no pressure, have to get ship working)
  Gather things
  fight some crew combats
  Return home and build batteries, engines
  
